[Music]
I learned about
natural dyeing and the trees that can give me colors
from it. I discovered that the leaves of the trees give me
colors on the ground. As for us, I have to be
present and guard
it. Google search engine removes the map of Palestine from
the maps that we are not recognized for. I, as a person, am
not recognized for the idea.  I would like to see the
design of the white ones. This one, for me, is
supposed to be this slit to see the
map of Palestine and the olive trees. It is the correct map of Palestine, but
not for the Palestinians. In order to live in Palestine in every
corner of the map, it is a circle that is
shrinking more and more, and we do not realize that it is.
It is a circle and not a map, so the task of the
map is to recognize the countries in it and the
cities in it. I do not know which country I am
deprived of movement from, and it is what
always affects my psyche. It is a joyful thing for the Palestinians to acknowledge
that in countries that
did not understand the story, I understand the story. Any
small support for the Palestinians.  This is in the form of great awareness
for the purpose of any small movement, whether it is a design or
movement, this will help the Palestinian people to
be
present.